This is the contract 1 billion investment
From start to finish
You're really not chasing Qianqian
The means of playing
Ruoxue, you really misunderstood me
You're a good girl.
I want to cherish you, I don't believe it.
It's okay, you'll believe it.
Now strictly invest in failure
Facing such a big crisis
You are now
It should be that your grandfather forced you to please me
So
You think I'm a vain person, don't you?
Of course not.
I just wanted to say
Now Qin Mengyao happens to have a southern project.
If your Yan family can join in
Maybe it can really turn the world around
You are serious
Of course my heart
You will definitely see
Okay, let's go find Qin Mengyao now
Is he now?
It should be about to collapse.